   #alternate

   [tr?id=1482828812084033&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Skip to main content Skip to footer

   English Path
   (BUTTON) Menu

     * Destinations (BUTTON) Destinations
        United Kingdom
               o London - Canary Wharf
               o Birmingham
               o Leeds
        Europe
               o Dublin
               o Malta
               o Paris
                    # International
                    # Locals
               o Berlin
        North America
               o Toronto
                    # International
                    # Locals
        Middle East
               o Dubai
               o Riyadh
        Australia
               o Brisbane
     * Courses (BUTTON) Courses
        Language courses
               o General English
               o General German
               o General French
               o Paris Locals
               o English in Riyadh
               o English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, or Mandarin in
                 Toronto
        Pathway Programme
               o EP Pathways
               o Public University in Germany
        Professional Certificates
               o Business Management and Leadership I and II
               o Certified Digital Marketing Professional
        Special Courses
               o Exam Preparation
               o Business English
        Teacher Training
               o English For Teachers
               o CELTA
        Young Learners
               o Young Learner courses
        Work and Study
               o Work and Study Programmes
               o Volunteering Internship Programme
        Higher Education Programme
               o Gedu Global Education
     * Young Learners (BUTTON) Young Learners
          + United Kingdom (BUTTON) United Kingdom
               o London Greenford
               o London Middlesex
          + Europe (BUTTON) Europe
               o Malta
               o Paris
               o Dublin
               o Berlin
          + North America (BUTTON) North America
               o Toronto
          + Middle East (BUTTON) Middle East
               o Dubai
               o Riyadh
          + Australia (BUTTON) Australia
               o Brisbane
     * EP Online
     * Student life (BUTTON) Student life
          + Accommodation
          + Career and employability service
          + Epic Experience
          + Masterclass programme
          + Neighbourhood friends
          + Student stories
          + Social programmes
          + Student welfare
          + Events
          + Blog
          + FAQ
     * Search
     * Contact
     * Free language test (BUTTON) Free language test
          + English
          + French
          + German

     * EP Online
     * EP Corporate
     * About us
     * Join us
     * Blog
     * Paying fees
     * FAQ
     * Search
     * Agent portal
     * Get a Quote

   GET A QUOTE

French Culture: Food, traditions, fashion, art, and language

   When you think of France, what is the first image that comes to your
   mind? Is it the famous Eiffel Tower with blinking lights at night, the
   delicious croissants, crepes and baguettes at the cosy cafe, or the
   sophisticated and passionate French language? While the world-famous
   landmarks and culinary delights are surely the staples of French
   culture, many more elements add charm to this Parisian country. Whether
   you're moving to Paris to study, work, or just simply experience the
   French way of life, learning about French culture, traditions, and
   etiquette will help you prepare well for life in Paris.

   Take a journey through taste with French culinary traditions

   Just like many things in France, even its food is full of art and
   culinary traditions. They are deeply ingrained in everyday life. After
   living for a while in Paris, you’ll notice that French people treat
   meals as special moments to not only enjoy the delicate textures of
   various cuisines but also to have engaging conversations with friends
   and family. Meals in France aren’t just about the eating; they are
   about having an experience and learning how each dish tells a story
   about the region from which it comes from. Some classic French dishes
   that you must try are:
     * Croissants
     * Baguettes
     * Crème brûlée
     * Cassoulet
     * Coq au vin

   Add the timeless French styles to your wardrobe while in Paris

   There’s a reason why Paris is considered the fashion capital of the
   world. The French take their fashion seriously, whether it's vintage
   clothes or high-end labels. They prefer clean lines, muted colours and
   classic pieces that combine art, comfort, and their own unique sense of
   personal style. Each piece of clothing brings a flare of elegance and
   confidence in French fashion in their everyday life. During your stay
   in Paris, if you want, you can also embrace this strong French culture
   by adding a few well-tailored coats, a simple scarf, and classic shoes
   to your wardrobe. French fashion is all about timeless style over short
   bursts of trends, so don’t stress too much on getting it right. Wear
   what you like and feel confident and comfortable in.

   Discover the rich and cultural art scene in Paris

   Art is a huge part of French culture and is ingrained into everyday
   life. Even the streets of Paris are filled with art and artists
   inspired by some of the world’s most renowned artists, such as Edgar
   Degas, an impressionist artist in the 1800s, Auguste Rodin, famous for
   thought-provoking sculptures, and Édouard Manet, known as the father of
   modern art. You can visit the Louvre Museum, Musée d'Art Moderne de
   Paris, and Musée d'Orsay, where you can view works by artists like Da
   Vinci and Van Gogh and immerse yourself in the country’s rich history
   and creativity reflected through French art. Every corner of Paris
   tells a story and serves as an inspiration for art enthusiasts. Being
   in Paris allows you to witness this expressive culture firsthand.

   Embrace the French traditions to experience the Parisian lifestyle

   French culture is steeped in tradition. By learning about their
   traditions and what is important to them will help you understand
   social norms and experience Parisian life firsthand. French people like
   their holidays. From celebrating national holidays like Bastille Day
   and Fête de la Musique to participating in local events, there's always
   some kind of celebration happening in Paris. These celebrations are
   held on a grand scale, yet they remain intimate at the same time.
   People attend social gatherings but end the day with hearty meals at
   home with their families. You will notice that French people maintain a
   balance between work and leisure. They have adopted a more laid-back
   approach, and learning about these social norms and French etiquette
   will help you avoid any cultural misunderstandings or faux pas as the
   French call it.

   Immerse yourself in the French culture with elegant French skills

   While French culture is fascinating and mesmerising, it is their
   language that will help you connect with Parisians and have
   unforgettable experiences. It is said that French is a Romance language
   derived from Latin. People also say that it is beautifully expressive
   and carries a deep sense of history with it. Improving your French
   skills will help you understand the culture on a much deeper level and
   appreciate the elegance that is seen throughout French culture. You can
   learn French in Paris with EP Paris, a language school respected for
   their comprehensive and engaging French courses. Located in the heart
   of Paris, it gives you an amazing opportunity to improve your French
   language skills and connect with the culture around you.

   Frequently asked questions about French culture

   Q1. What is the French culture famous for?

   The French are famous for their elegant and sophisticated fashion,
   delicate and refined taste palate, and for their love of the arts and
   entertainment.

   Q2. What makes French art so important in French culture?

   France, as a nation, has a long history of world-famous artists who
   have used their art as a form of self-expression and innovation. This
   form of creativity has ingrained itself into French culture and
   traditions.

   Q3. What are some famous traditional dishes in France?

   Some of the most renowned traditional French dishes you can enjoy while
   in Paris are:
     * Coq au vin (Rooster with wine)
     * Soupe a l'ognion (Onion soup)
     * Boeuf Bourguignon (Beef stew)
     * Tarte Tatin (Apple Pie)
     * Bouillabaisse (Fish soup)
     * Ratatouille (Vegetable stew)
     * Macarons (French biscuit)

   Q4. What is the official language of France?

   French is the official language of France and the primary mode of
   communication across the country. If you are planning a visit to this
   beautiful country, it would be a good idea to learn French. You can
   check out French courses offered by EP Paris for all levels and
   backgrounds to improve your language skills.

   Q5. What is some French etiquette I should know?

   Some of the most common customs reflecting French etiquette you should
   be aware of before visiting Paris are:
     * French people are extremely polite. They greet each other with a
       handshake or a kiss on the cheek.
     * When having dinner with a group of people, don’t start eating until
       each person at the table has a full glass of any beverage in front
       of them.
     * Always remember to say ‘please’ (s'il vous plaît) and ‘thank you’
       (merci) in French.
     * French people enjoy a relaxed and slow lifestyle, even at work, so
       don’t be in a hurry and if you are, try not to make it too
       evident.

   04 Nov 2024
     * French Learning

    1. English Path

     Blog

     French Culture: Food, traditions, fashion, art, and language

     English Path logo
   Follow us:
     English Path facebook   English Path Instagram profile   English Path
   YouTube channel   English Path TikTok account   English Path LinkedIn
   page


   Tel: (+44) 759 841 4651
   Email: info@englishpath.com

   Contact us via WhatsApp: +353 83 205 8406

   Destinations
   and schools
   United Kingdom
   Europe
   North America
   Middle East
   Australia

   Quick links
   Agent portal
   EP Corporate
   Become a partner
   Become a host
   FAQ

   About us
   About
   Accreditations
   Careers
   Join us
   Paying fees

     * Copyright © 2026 English Path

     * Our Policies & Terms and Conditions

   (BUTTON) Back to top

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W4BKZCJZ
